PyWeek #15 Entry

Ideas for game:

	Metroidvania adventure.



Story:
	you've been dispatched to mars for a reality tv show and expected to live
    the rest of your life there.

    when you arrive, you are informed of a strange object found on mars and
    are sent outside the area to investigate it.

    when it is found, you realize that it is a door and you step through it.

    inside is a small city, covered with rust.  it is protected by a giant
    metallic plate and you realize that the martian surface around the base
    is simply sitting on top of the plate.

    you investigate the ruins and uncover secrets behind it


Spoiler:
    the city is actually a very small portion of of a city constructed by
    ancient humans.

    humans have been locked in a cycle of moving between earth and mars for
    billions and billions of years.


Goals:
    the game will have three possible endings:

        1. you die and the tv show is canceled and the secret is lost
        2. you go as far as you can, but never can figure out what it is
        3. you uncover evidence that ancient humans lived here before


Mechanics:

    the game will feature realistic physics and low gravity

    the player has a jetpack

    portions of the ancient city can be activated to open new rooms

    the player can collect relics from the civilization


Eventually, you can recover the launching facility of a rocket that sent humans
from mars back to earth.  the rocket is missing, but you are able to find maps
that point to where the rocket landed in africa.

the great flood story of the christian bible and other religions actually
happened on mars and the species of mars were shuttled to earth on a giant ship



possible enemies:

    robots are placed throughout the rooms and may be activated and will
    attempt to destory the player.

    traps such as rusted floors and broken stairs may kill the player

    running and shooting may become an option with a item found 3/4 of the way
    through the game



